Add README.md file (#11)
CESARBR/knot-cloud-sdk-js-amqp: README.md

  }],
};

const main = async () => {
  try {
    await client.connect();
    await client.register(thing.id, thing.name);
    const response = await client.updateSchema(thing.id, thing.schema);
    console.log('schema successfully updated:', response);
    await client.close();
  } catch (err) {
    console.error(err);
  }
};

main();
```

### publishData(id, data): Promise&lt;Void&gt;

Publishes thing's data.

#### Arguments
- `id` **String** Thing's ID.
- `data` **Array** Data in the following format:
  * `sensorId` **Number** Sensor ID.
  * `value` **String|Boolean|Number** Sensor value.

#### Example
```javascript
const Client = require('@cesarbr/knot-cloud-sdk-js-amqp');

const client = new Client({
  hostname: 'broker.knot.cloud',
  port: 5672,
  username: 'knot',
  password: 'knot',
  token: 'eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9...', // this is not a valid token!
});

const thing = {
  id: 'abcdef1234567890',
  name: 'my-thing',
  schema: [{
    sensorId: 0,
    typeId: 65521,
    valueType: 3,
    unit: 0,
    name: 'bool-sensor',
  }],
};

const main = async () => {
  try {
    await client.connect();
    await client.register(thing.id, thing.name);

>     await client.updateSchema(thing.id, thing.schema);

Reviewer: We don't need to repeat these commands here,, just assume the thing is already registered with a properly schema.

Author: Done!

    await client.on('data', (err, msg) => {
      if (err) {
        console.error(err);
      } else {
        console.log('data published successfully:', msg);
      }
    });
    await client.publishData(thing.id, [{ sensorId: 0, value: true }]);
    await client.close();
  } catch (err) {
    console.error(err);
  }
};

main();
```

### getData(id, sensorIds): Promise&lt;Void&gt;

Requests a thing to publish the current data value of the specified sensor(s).

#### Arguments
- `id` **String** Thing's ID.

> - `sensorIds` **Array** Sensor's ID's to request data from.

Reviewer 2: Sorry, there was a mistake in my last suggestions, hehe. :point_down: 

```suggestion
- `sensorIds` **Array** Sensor IDs to request data from.
```

Author: Done!

const main = async () => {
  try {
    await client.connect();
    await client.once('setData', (err, msg) => {
      if (err) {
        console.error(err);
      } else {
        console.log('data.update message sent:', msg);
      }
    });
    await client.publishData(thingId, [{ sensorId: 0, value: true }]);
    await client.close();
  } catch (err) {
    console.error(err);
  }
};

main();
```

# Events

Events can be listened by registering a handler with `on` or `once` methods. The handler will receive two parameters: an object containing the message data and an error indicating if something went wrong (it can be `null`).

### Event: "data"

Triggered when a thing publishes sensor data.

#### Messages

- `id` **String** Thing's ID.
- `data` **Array** Data objects in the following format:
  * `sensorId` **Number** Sensor ID.
  * `value` **String|Boolean|Number** Sensor value.

#### Example

```javascript
{
  id: 'abcdef1234567890',
  data: [
    {
      sensorId: 0,
      value: false,
    },
    {
      sensorId: 1,
      35,
    },
  ],
}
```

### Event: "getData"

Triggered when a request for things to publish data is sent.

#### Message

- `id` **String** Thing's ID.

> - `sensorIds` **Array** Sensor ID's to request data.

Reviewer 2: Same as [before]() :stuck_out_tongue:

Author: Done!

      }
    });
    await client.getData(thingId, [0]);
    await client.close();
  } catch (err) {
    console.error(err);
  }
};

main();

/*
data successfully requested:
{
  id: 'abcdef1234567890',
  sensorIds: [0]
}
*/
```

### setData(id, data): Promise&lt;Void&gt;

Requests a thing to updates the current data value of the specified sensor(s).

#### Arguments
- `id` **String** Device ID.
- `data` **Array** Data items to be published, each one in the following format:
  * `sensorId` **Number** Sensor ID.
  * `value` **String|Boolean|Number** Sensor value.

#### Example

```javascript
const Client = require('@cesarbr/knot-cloud-sdk-js-amqp');

const client = new Client(config);

const thingId = 'abcdef1234567890'; // thing already registered!

const main = async () => {
  try {
    await client.connect();
    await client.on('setData', (err, msg) => {
      if (err) {
        console.error(err);
      } else {
        console.log('setData request successfully sent:', msg);
      }
    }
    await client.setData(thingId, [{ sensorId: 0, value: true }]);
    await client.close();
  } catch (err) {
    console.error(err);
  }
};

main();

> /*
> setData request successfully sent:
> {
>   id: 'abcdef1234567890',
>   data: [{
>     sensorId: 0,
>     value: true
>   }]
> }

Reviewer 2: Oopss! Now the whole `README` is commented 😂 

```suggestion
/*
setData request successfully sent:
{
  id: 'abcdef1234567890',
  data: [{
    sensorId: 0,
    value: true
  }]
}
*/
```

Author: Sorry :rofl: Fixed!

# knot-cloud-sdk-js-amqp

> KNoT Cloud AMQP service JavaScript library.

Reviewer 3: A client-side library that provides an AMQP abstraction to the KNoT Cloud for Node.js applications.

Author: Done!

## Quickstart

### Install

```console
npm install --save @cesarbr/knot-cloud-sdk-js-amqp
```

### Run

> `KNoT Cloud AMQP` communicate with RabbitMQ broker at amqp://&lt;username&gt;:&lt;password&gt;@&lt;hostname&gt;:&lt;port&gt; using &lt;token&gt; as credential to execute the operations. Replace this address with your broker instance and the credentials with valid ones.

Author: Done!

```javascript

> import Client from "@cesarbr/knot-cloud-sdk-js-amqp";

Author: Done!

const client = new Client({
  hostname: 'broker.knot.cloud',
  port: 5672,
  username: 'knot',
  password: 'knot',
  token: 'eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9...', // this is not a valid token!
});

const thing = {
  id: 'abcdef1234567890',
  name: 'my-thing',
  schema: [{
    sensorId: 0,
    valueType: 3,
    unit: 0,
    typeId: 65521,
    name: 'bool-sensor',
  }],
};

const main = async () => {
  try {
    let response;
    await client.connect()
    response = await client.register(thing.id, thing.name);
    console.log('register response:', response);

>     response = await client.updateSchema(thing.id, thing.schema);

Reviewer 3: I think this section should contain only a simple example: register without schema. The other operations will be naturally detailed further.

Author: Done!

    console.log('updateSchema response:', response);
    await client.once('data', (err, msg) => console.log('data published:', msg));
    await client.publishData(thing.id, [{ sensorId: 0, value: true }]);
    response = await client.getDevices();
    console.log('getDevices response:', response);
    response = await client.unregister(thing.id);
    console.log('unregister response:', response);
    await client.close();
  } catch (err) {
    console.error(err);
  }
};

main();
```

## Methods

### Constructor(config)

> Create a client object that will connect to a KNoT Cloud protocol RabbitMQ instance.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Create a client object that will connect to a KNoT Cloud RabbitMQ instance.
```

Author: Done!

#### Arguments
- `config` **Object** JSON object with broker details.
  - `hostname` **String** (Optional) RabbitMQ instance hostname. Default: `'localhost'`.
  - `port` **Number** (Optional) RabbitMQ instance port. Default: 5672.
  - `username` **String** (Optional) RabbitMQ instance username. Default: `'knot'`.
  - `password` **String** (Optional) RabbitMQ instance password. Default: `'knot'`.

>   - `token` **String** KNoT Cloud user token.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - `token` **String** (Required) KNoT Cloud user token.
```

Author: Done!

#### Example

```javascript
import Client from '@cesarbr/knot-cloud-sdk-js-amqp';

const client = new Client({
  hostname: 'broker.knot.cloud',
  port: 5672,
  username: 'knot',
  password: 'knot',
  token: 'eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9...', // this is not a valid token!
});
```

### connect(): Promise&lt;Void&gt;

> Start connection with RabbitMQ broker instance.

Author: Done!

#### Example

```javascript

> import Client from '@cesarbr/knot-cloud-websocket';

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
const Client = require("@cesarbr/knot-cloud-sdk-js-amqp");
```

Author: Done!

const client = new Client({
  hostname: 'broker.knot.cloud',
  port: 5672,
  username: 'knot',
  password: 'knot',
  token: 'eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9...', // this is not a valid token!
});

const main = async () => {
  try {
    await client.connect();
    console.log('successfully connected!');
  } catch(err) {
    console.error(err);
  }
}

main();
```

### close(): Promise&lt;Void&gt;

> Stop current connection with RabbitMQ instance.

Author: Done!

#### Example

```javascript

> import Client from '@cesarbr/knot-cloud-websocket';

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
const Client = require("@cesarbr/knot-cloud-sdk-js-amqp");
```

Author: Done!

const client = new Client({
  hostname: 'broker.knot.cloud',
  port: 5672,
  username: 'knot',
  password: 'knot',
  token: 'eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9...', // this is not a valid token!
});

const main = async () => {
  try {
    await client.connect();
    await client.close();
    console.log('connection successfully closed');
  } catch (err) {
    console.error(err)
  }
};

main();
```

### register(id, name): Promise&lt;Object&gt;

> Registers a new thing. Receives an object contained the registered thing's ID.

Author: Done!

#### Arguments

> - `id` **String** KNoT protocol thing's ID.

Author: Done!

> - `name` **String** Human readable name for your thing.

Reviewer 3: To keep it simple I think "thing's name" is enough. Please, use our comments in this operation to standardize the other ones with the same principles.

Author: Done!

#### Result

> - `resolve` **Object** JSON object containing thing's ID.

Reviewer 3: `resolve` is a language concept and shouldn't be used here.

- `device` **Object** JSON object containing some information about the created thing.
  - `id` **String** ... etc
  - `token` **String** ...etc

> - `resolve` **Object** JSON object containing thing's ID.

Author: Done!

});

const thing = {
  id: 'abcdef1234567890',
  name: 'my-thing',
};

const main = async () => {
  try {
    await client.connect();
    await client.register(thing.id, thing.name);
    const response = await client.unregister(thing.id);
    console.log('thing successfully unregistered:', response);
    await client.close();
  } catch (err) {
    console.error(err);
  }
};

main();
```

### getDevices(): Promise&lt;Object&gt;

List all things registered on cloud.

#### Result
- `resolve` **Object** JSON object, containing set of things on cloud.

#### Example

```javascript
import Client from '@cesarbr/knot-cloud-websocket';

const client = new Client({
  hostname: 'broker.knot.cloud',
  port: 5672,
  username: 'knot',
  password: 'knot',
  token: 'eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9...', // this is not a valid token!
});

const main = () => {
  try {
    await client.connect();
    const response = client.getDevices();
    console.log('list of things:', response);
    await client.close();
  } catch (err) {
    console.error(err);
  }
};

main();
```

### updateSchema(id, schema): Promise&lt;Object&gt;

> Updates the thing schema.

Author: Done!

#### Arguments
- `id` **String** Thing's ID.
- `schema` **Array** An array of objects in the following format:
  * `sensorId` **Number** Sensor ID. Value between 0 and the maximum number of sensors defined for that thing.
  * `typeId` **Number** Sensor type, e.g. whether it is a presence sensor or distance sensor.
  * `valueType` **Number** Value type, e.g. whether it is an integer, a floating-point number, etc.
  * `unit` **Number** Sensor unit.

>   * `name` **String** Sensor name.

Author: Done!

- `id` **String** Thing's ID.
- `data` **Array** An array of data in the following format:
  * `sensorId` **Number** Sensor ID.
  * `value` **String|Boolean|Number** Sensor value.

#### Example
```javascript
import Client from '@cesarbr/knot-cloud-websocket';

const client = new Client({
  hostname: 'broker.knot.cloud',
  port: 5672,
  username: 'knot',
  password: 'knot',
  token: 'eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9...', // this is not a valid token!
});

const thing = {
  id: 'abcdef1234567890',
  name: 'my-thing',
  schema: [{
    sensorId: 0,
    typeId: 65521,
    valueType: 3,
    unit: 0,
    name: 'bool-sensor',
  }],
};

const main = async () => {
  try {
    await client.connect();
    await client.register(thing.id, thing.name);
    await client.updateSchema(thing.id, thing.schema);
    await client.on('data', (err, msg) => {
      if (err) {
        console.error(err);
      } else {
        console.log('data published successfully:', msg);
      }
    });
    await client.publishData(thing.id, [{ sensorId: 0, value: true }]);
    await client.close();
  } catch (err) {
    console.error(err);
  }
};

main();
```

### getData(id, sensorIds): Promise&lt;Void&gt;

> Requests a thing to publish its current data sensor values.

Reviewer 2: Since we can request multiple sensors, `sensor` should actually be plural. Regarding the value, however, each sensor has only a single value... this makes me thing `values` is supposed to be `value` instead -- I'm not sure though. Also, this method returns only the value for the specified `sensorIds` -- as it's written now, it seems that the method returns the value for all sensors of a thing.

Something along these lines seems more understandable and truthful to the method :point_down: 
```suggestion
Requests a thing to publish the current value of the specified sensor(s).
```

Author: Done!

#### Arguments
- `id` **String** Thing's ID.

> - `sensorIds` **Array** Array with ID's sensors to request data.

Reviewer 2: What do you think about this? :point_down: 

```suggestion
- `sensorIds` **Array** Sensors' IDs to request data from.
```

Author: Done!

#### Example

```javascript
import Client from '@cesarbr/knot-cloud-websocket';

const client = new Client({
  hostname: 'broker.knot.cloud',
  port: 5672,
  username: 'knot',
  password: 'knot',
  token: 'eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9...', // this is not a valid token!
});

const thingId = 'abcdef1234567890'; // thing already registered!

const main = async () => {
  try {
    await client.connect();
    await client.on('getData', (err, msg) => {
      if (err) {
        console.error(err);
      } else {
        console.log('data successfully requested:', msg);
      }
    });
    await client.getData(thingId, [0]);
    await client.close();
  } catch (err) {
    console.error(err);
  }
};

main();
```

### setData(id, data): Promise&lt;Void&gt;

> Requests a thing to update its current data sensor values.

Reviewer 2: Same as [here]() :grimacing:

Author: Done!

#### Arguments
- `id` **String** Device ID.

> - `data` **Array** An array of data in the following format:

Reviewer 2: `**Array** An array` seems redundant :thinking: 

```suggestion
- `data` **Array** Data items to be published, each one in the following format: 
```

Author: Done!

#### Arguments
- `name` **String** Event name.
- `callback` **Function** Event callback handler.

#### Example

```javascript
import Client from '@cesarbr/knot-cloud-websocket';

const client = new Client({
  hostname: 'broker.knot.cloud',
  port: 5672,
  username: 'knot',
  password: 'knot',
  token: 'eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9...', // this is not a valid token!
});

const thingId = 'abcdef1234567890'; // thing already registered!

const main = async () => {
  try {
    await client.connect();
    await client.once('setData', (err, msg) => {
      if (err) {
        console.error(err);
      } else {
        console.log('data.update message sent:', msg);
      }
    });
    await client.publishData(thingId, [{ sensorId: 0, value: true }]);
    await client.close();
  } catch (err) {
    console.error(err);
  }
};

main();
```

# Events

Events can be listened by registering a handler with `on` or `once` methods. The handler will receive two parameters: an object containing the message data and an error indicating if something went wrong (it can be `null`).

### Event: "data"

Triggered when a thing publishes sensor data.

#### Messages

- `id` **String** Thing's ID.

> - `data` **Array** An array of data in the following format:

Reviewer 2: Same as mentioned earlier!

Author: Done!

  * `sensorId` **Number** Sensor ID.
  * `value` **String|Boolean|Number** Sensor value.

#### Example

```javascript
{
  id: 'abcdef1234567890',
  data: [
    {
      sensorId: 0,
      value: false,
    },
    {
      sensorId: 1,
      35,
    },
  ],
}
```

### Event: "getData"

Triggered when a request for things to publish data is sent.

#### Message

- `id` **String** Thing's ID.

> - `sensorIds` **Array** Array with ID's sensors to request data.

Reviewer 2: Same as mentioned earlier!

Author: Done!

#### Example

```javascript
{
  id: 'abcdef1234567890',
  sensorIds: [0, 1],
}
```

### Event: "setData"

Triggered when a request for things to update data is sent.

#### Message

- `id` **String** Thing's ID.

> - `data` **Array** An array of data in the following format:

Reviewer 2: Same as mentioned earlier!

Author: Done!
